all right we have recording do we have a
note-taker
I can take notes perfect thank you Jim
all right sheet is in the chat go ahead
and add your name to the attendees list
and we will get started
welcome everybody to February the 25th
dev core J s all our weekly sync um
we're gonna go over what we did last
week or blocked on and what we've got
going on this week and I will get
started since I am first I've got a work
in progress for the pool in Plex going
into JSI PFS I do need to do some ipfs
interrupt tests some more of those I
fixed an issue last week where I was
having issues with high throughput so
like file exchanges there was some
memory issues there fixed that and then
looked at benchmarks between it and
Lippi 2:00 p.m. Plex and pull in Plex is
performing better now so gonna do some
more interrupt testing this week before
releasing that to JSI PFS added unix
protocol support for a J's multi adder I
also updated the protocol table there
because it was a bit out of date so that
should be in a better spot that's
released as 605 there's a small update
for the Jas loopy to be config to make
it less restrictive it was a bit too
restrictive on transports and then a
slew of updates for the jlpt b-daman
to help with the testbed and Lippi to be
interrupt tests there's currently an
issue with highlight guess that's
blocking some of the builds so we're
just working around that in the meantime
that's from that's an 8-year dependency
through documentation Jas this week
going to work on the Paul M plex
interrupt testing and then work on
better support for listen announced and
no announced addresses for J asleep p2p
does anybody have any questions for me
okay there is nobody in the list so I am
just gonna go buy video
oh there it is I was cashed sorry
alright Volker
and so
I was working on I blow deflectors him
and I kind of implemented it what is a
draft spec if for anyone who's
interested in the staff can clean it out
and then also we had in the graph sink
we had discussions about the wire
protocol and we ended up with a protocol
that was proposed but I did have write
up how I would do things with lead p2p
and just also like if interested in
those kind of things check it out as
well and then I worked a bit on the J's
I put the api's Allen gave feedback and
now it's really way better code so he
this big ask was to change from mixing
promises and call thanks to justice in
chrome missy fine for the callback stuff
and this really makes the code way
cleaner and way easier so if anyone
supporting something from for the issue
away and ever i really proposed it
instead of mixing promises and
colleagues just using from pc fire for
the old stuff this basically is in clean
and i'm not blocked and mixed so this
week i already hope that it finally get
the IPL dapi think merged and yet just
do some work on me selector stuff that's
all for me awesome any questions for
walker
next up vasco hey guys so basically a
last week between terrible requests for
the test setup and identified was
connects and it was merged and i also
start the DHT terrible test basically we
have the way obsessed in ipfs for gets
inputs where i will this time make sense
for all the available functions that we
have like the vine providers find peer
among others then I also moved a bunch
of ripples to Travis
and I also added the word West where I
think a horse for a pub 7hd in lipids be
in order to afterwards verify them in
jessup FS blocked like Jacob I liked the
problem for now I would recommend that
people that went or needs to do endtime
install that basically you can do NPM
install first of I like yes master
branch and from there you you are able
to at least for now work and install
your dependencies and so for this week I
will finally hopefully tomorrow debug
the superiors at John sky in is yes ffs
which is also triggering a lot of
locking in the river then I also want to
migrate the last repose that I asked to
the travesty I didn't finish them
because some of them are with really old
dependencies and I wanted to also create
dependencies but as some of them are
Breton changes I have to also fix tests
and other another stuff that's why I
didn't finish all the immigration to
report for travesty eyes and finally I
will continue the interrupt tests I went
this way to finish the DHT interrupt SPR
and also create the poor requests for
the Jes of a demon NGS of experiment
client for adding pub/sub and
consequently
start also the purpose of interrupt test
that's everything for me anyone else
comments or questions awesome like Vasco
except who
hi guys so last week did bunch of
trellis stuff
bunch of requests reviews some debugging
on the Windows environment
not sure what's breaking the windows on
the p2p it's it's an ongoing debugging
session with either travel support still
on the Travis topic we we need to be
like careful what with what we how much
time we spent on it because some news
got out that the company that bought
drivers is kind of as a reputation of
not kind of keeping talent in the
company and some of them are already we
like fires and stuff like that so the
probability of we getting a good stable
Windows environments on travel is
getting lower and lower so we need to
see what's what we can do to keep our CI
stable but let's see what the future
holds also the other bunch of for Conley
p2p on a size full requests that's
basically then it should be released on
the next Liberty release also worked on
the HTTP client request for the window
size that's basically then also and on
the JSI PFS side also almost an just
training for the PTP release created a
new module to convert pull strings to
strings just to reduce the number of
readable streams versions on the bundle
sizes if anyone is still interested in
that stuff you can check it out in the
on the link I put there I'm blocked on
the particular release and on the I yjs
issue and for the rest of the week I
want to finish the GSI BFS bundle
requests finally get to the benchmark
integration and mo th and multi-action
async async await public quests that we
probably gonna conversation tomorrow see
if we start to merge some stuff or not
yeah for the rest of it that should be
it
anyone has any questions no thank you
awesome thanks google accept a demon
okay
so just very briefly I've been looking
through a lot of the sort of proposed
IPs improvements that I've come up over
time and I'd like to actually make some
of them happen I'm trying to categorize
like the relative importance of the
improvements so not generic things like
I want faster please but instead like
you know let's have pub/sub do this in
order to make it go faster so those are
there if you have any interest like
please please comment Thanks and if you
have any questions I'm here to awesome
any questions for Dean
all right except same cool nothing much
here I found a new PR for datastore a
fast awesome async endeavor and then
we'll be doing the same thing for
datastore course so that way
follow the sort of datastore dependent
projects can link and testimo so that's
it
sleep any questions for Zana app titled
just just started a quick check to his
ipfs library it's a library used in
various projects for detecting high PFS
resources and a simple check for telling
keep festering or buffer is some of the
other was requested by multiple people
so I just added that but in the process
I also fixed a small problem with multi
other format the readme said that it
supports buffer but it actually did not
so there's like an open PR I created to
to fix that and I need that to to merge
the multi other check support to his
ipfs I think this it was probably
already mentioned I had a like a
connectivity issue and joint the late
I'm also sort of blocked with on this
highlight J's thinking yeah so that's a
J's correlated stuff for me my plan if
anything goes well is to revisit Chrome
socket API sin brave after like to
recheck what's the status of dots with
JSI DFS after we switch to have a happy
18 what ap eyes are missing and like
basically situation situation to change
a little bit now that we move to happy
excited and that's all awesome any
questions for Lyle you go on the sockets
stuff how much do we need to like
polyfill no the API is to get it to work
yeah so that's basically the first step
is to see what's missing there there
already exists polyfills for to expose
net and HTTP modules from node using
chrome sockets api's as a back-end but
those were created around node 6 so I
expect some stuff to be missing and the
goal is just to identify what's missing
we probably I expect we'll probably end
up with forking existing polyfills
or creating our own but it's like
exploratory work to tell what's like
what what's work remains to be done okay
so for the HTTP part I already did the
fork from stream HTTP that is on my on
my github and actually we can talk about
this later but I have a branch that is
already a dependency of HTTP clients DFS
to be client that I will probably just
like create another or another package
for it so we can iterate on the stuff
you need in that specific module
regarding tonight is gonna be way harder
with yeah yeah yeah listen thanks
alright that's it for the list we do
have a couple of extra folks on the call
I'll just go down if anybody wants to
say hi or tell us what they're working
you
dr. Schaack ooh
or no hey what's up i'm derek ma'am
today i'm just kind of liking but uh
yeah this week i've been working on
doing some async awaits like converting
some libraries from coal bags to
async/await so I'm working on JSI p NS
record store and working on the the DHT
is all awesome I'll see you on comm yeah
malala's technical that a lot of people
on this call from the IRC in this court
I've been working on on this on this app
of ours that essentially is aiming to
make it easier for journalists to to
write and not be censor that we're doing
that by using JSF DFS we want you to
write your stuff put your article swing
around without trying to figure out they
make their anything work that's awesome
it's glad to have you on the call yeah
I'll go real quick and Michael see I've
been working on a lot of metrics
collection stuff so we can try to
understand the growth of the ecosystem
on top of my PFS so I just finished up a
working like big map filter thing on top
of lambda so basically looks at github
archive tarballs which is every it's all
the metadata for everything that
happened globally and github and so we
we run through all of that in parallel
and basically filter and pluck the data
out that we need and you can give it
like essentially a list of thousands of
repositories so we can go and pull all
the dependencies for get ipfs for
instance and then give that repository
listen then we end up with a subset of
all but all that ever happened to github
about all of those repositories so that
works you can pull a month of data in
about five or seven seconds roughly you
eventually you'll be able to pull a year
in that amount of time once I get the
AWS thing
my lambda limit there's there's a limit
of a thousand concurrent processes right
now it needs to get up for us to do a
year at a time but you can basically
pull your by just waiting doing them up
at a time right now so yeah that's like
basically working should see some
metrics coming out this week about the
kind of growth and status of
contributors across the whole kind of
dependent a Coast
nice did you just put in a request with
Amazon to look up that limit so I put in
a request with our infer team to ask
them because I thought I just have API
keys what I mean my API key is like have
I think admin privileges there were some
resources but I still can't like they
don't have billing access so I need the
in 42 after that we can ask them nice
works
I know people that have gotten in the
past so it is like a thing that can
happen but when you ask AWS to increase
it they like want to talk to you about
your use case so that they look great
that kind of thing can I guess so yeah I
expect it will take a little bit time
anybody else Porsche
you are muted
I'm sorry there we go hey everyone um I
am working on and um refactoring a
promise and making it in a wait I have
to like create a test for it and some
Doc's I already have a PR for it uh once
again I need to put Doc's hit a test out
and then people can look at it again so
that's what I've been working on great
all right I think that is everybody does
anybody have anything else they want to
talk about hi Dean
yeah I guess I had a question given that
if any of the the IP and I stuff is
going to involve modifications to how
you know hub stub or gossiping works
what the status is of I know there's
like a group working on gossip sub for
JSI PFS now or Jess let p2p now what's
the process of that or migrating that
into core of getting Jess Qasim said
Margaret into core yeah yeah so Buster
has been working Viking yeah I can talk
basically my cure I did the initial
implementations without to test it where
I I got her a review for initial
feedback so now she sheds like last week
for working on it again I will try to
look this week to shake it but I think
the plan is for them they want to have
the gossiper implementations by the end
of March and this will include
interrupts test as well with Golic HP so
I would like to have by the end of March
hopes of implementation of gossip so
available for Jessa business
electric question ID yeah yeah that
answers that
Thanks anybody else on anything
I had one thing in regards to so we've
been talking about package locks and
shrink wraps and assessing that I'm
using that I think with the recent
highlight j/s issue that is more more
important to get that done I commented a
little bit ago on the ager update that
Google started a PR I think it might be
worth just using shrink wrap on Asia and
vetting that out for a bit I'm just
piloting that because that will solve
that particular problem of having
dependencies update and break builds and
prevent us from doing development
without manually circumventing that is
anybody have opinions on that
yeah I agree
basically I really liked suggestion you
made about like doing the nightly
wheeled or ever - like validates that we
don't like break stuff for the upstream
users regarding - like start to shrink
wrapping a here I'm not sure that would
be like I go to a good spot to start
because basically H it is like tooling
it's not really something that we care
much about like some a developer using
it and braking there's their app so I'm
not really sure if that's the the best
spot to to demo or test that maybe some
other Li like multi formats or whatever
reason I think that it would be
beneficial to use to do shrink wrap on
Asia is that we just had like all of our
J s developers have issues running like
JSI p FS and J slipper to be in new
builds because we have some tertiary
dependency of Asia that's breaking a
build so adding shrink wrap would
prevent us from getting in the situation
where our development is being halted
yeah yeah sure
but the thing is for this specific
problem I think the best solution is
package lock and not shrink wrap
that's my only issue so yeah I don't
know we need to discuss a little bit but
we can try it
definitely
okay we can follow up in the issue
anybody else
you
right there is nothing we can end there
thanks everybody for coming and
hopefully we'll see you next week bye
everybody